 Le volume dans le lecteur D s'appelle Disque local
 Le num‚ro de s‚rie du volume est 1806-2277

 R‚pertoire de D:\Web\Sites\jorkyball\images\smileys

[.]                   [..]                  215.GIF
3d_045.gif            argh.jpg              Arrgh.jpg
biggrin.gif           bizzz.jpg             blink.gif
CA23KLIR.png          CA2L69M3.png          CA4BFXZE.png
CA4CHOBM.png          CA6B0T6V.png          CA8FG9CF.png
CAUJIBA3.png          chuuuuut.JPG          cool.gif
dont_tell_smile.gif   dry.gif               Euh_ORIGINAL.jpg
fauxcul.jpg           fingerscrossed.gif    Flirt.jpg
HangLose.jpg          happy.gif             huh.gif
icon1.gif             icon10.gif            icon11.gif
icon12.gif            icon13.gif            icon14.gif
icon2.gif             icon3.gif             icon4.gif
icon5.gif             icon6.gif             icon7.gif
icon8.gif             icon9.gif             laugh.gif
mad.gif               mellow.gif            nav.gif
noel.gif              ohmy.gif              Ok.jpg
pachaman.gif          ph34r.gif             Pinky_Piggy.jpg
Rambo.jpg             rolleyes.gif          sad.gif
sbAmoureux7.gif       sbEtonne7.gif         Schnauze!.gif
scream.jpg            shhh.jpg              sleep.gif
smile.gif             smiley_270.gif        smiley_274.gif
Tire_la_langue.jpg    tongue.gif            toto.txt
unsure.gif            wacko.gif             wink.gif
wub.gif               yeah!.jpg             
              69 fichier(s)           63ÿ849 octets
               2 R‚p(s)     237ÿ694ÿ976 octets libres
